This is a subtitle file for testing VTT captionsVTT
Esta bien para demostrar que funcionan los subtitulos
and how we can help.
Here you can record a video, share stories with us and more
Let us know what being a Google developer means to you
and you can talk to us in person at Google Developer events all over the world.
so we can learn how to support you better.
Oh, btw, we also started rolling a new site for Google Developers
Not just code but community, news, tools and other resources
and cake
Like any open source project it's a work in progress
with your help it can be great
developers.google.com/stories
Change is important to the Web. Help us keep changing it together